Yes, I would like you to implement the things that you said. But for multilingual functionality, first we have to create another page called Prepare for Multilingual. What this page will do is, it will copy the existing English text files to a folder called English with a capital E. MP3s to or any format audio files to English space audio and the images to English space image. So these three folders will be created and the existing files will be moved to these three folders. And this will be done when I click on the button Prepare for Multilingual. And just before I do that, just above it on the page, I should see multiple languages such as German, French, Spanish, Portuguese, Italian, Korean, Polish, Turkish. So there should be a checkbox against each of these and I should be able to choose as I choose these languages, a folder such as for French with a capital F. French space image, French space audio, French space text. Similarly for Italian, Italian space image, Italian space audio, Italian space text. Keeping in mind that the I is capital for Italian. And let me reiterate what all languages will be there. English is already created. Then French, German, Spanish, Italian, Polish, Turkish, Indonesian, Mandarin, Arabic, Hindi, Russian, Korean, Japanese and Vietnamese. These will be the language folders and there will be three folders of image audio and text for each. So this will be created. And then the thing that you said, which was that integration with input folder structure that will be fixed. Data flow between standard steps. I'm not sure what exactly will be there, but it should take in from input is absolutely correct that you have mentioned. And consistent folder structure handling that you must be doing. Then the plan is basically when you will have these multiple language folders. So for multilingual TTS page, when I go, it will ask me to choose the language as I choose the languages to convert. It will go in that languages text folder, create audio files and save in that languages audio folder. And this should be done in both OpenAPI TTS and Kokoro TTS. So on this page, I will be seeing multiple languages. I will choose from those languages and it will go into that languages text and give me that languages audio files. Please list the requirement and start working on it.