Now see the first screenshot. Why is it showing multi-language and single-language? It should all be multi-language. Even if I have to select a single-language, I can do so, right? So remove this radio buttons of single-language and multi-language. Second point is, why I am seeing voice and voice combination, single voice and voice combination under TTS configuration. I haven't chosen the languages yet. This option and the additional options of audio format, this should not be there. So the TTS, in TTS settings, this should be always multi-language so I don't have to select anything. So the first screenshot entirely should not be there. Then the first thing that I do, yeah right, when I selected the multi-language, it did show me just the languages. And when I selected the languages, it gave me an option to choose the voices, which is good, but the point is that along with that, I need the advanced option of voice combination for each of the language voices that I choose. So that should be there. And if I choose a single voice there, it's fine. If I choose a voice combination, it should come accordingly. Then I see a process selected languages button, which is fine, but its location is problematic because it is coming just below the language specific settings. And below that, I again see the voice combination. This is not the place where you show the voice combination. It should be within the language specific settings. So and the additional options are also again there. You please take the screenshots. Everything is a bit problematic over here. So please fix all this. Then the place wherein we select the files to process. It is not as it is in the file 07-tts-kokoro-new. I am not able to select everything is auto selected. By default, everything should be auto selected, but I should have an option to unselect anything if I want to. And then there is a button that says process tts. It should show just three things. One overall progress bar, second, the progress bar itself and with a message of like how many files are completed, how many are in the process with the ATA and the third which current file or which current courses which file is being processed. I want only these three things. So please share your understanding and the plan. Do not code as of yet. Just discuss and once I confirm, we can implement it.